README.md, before:

# Learning Rails
This repository is mainly for [CSC/ECE 517] class use at the NCSU.

## Description
The repository contains combined contributions of individual students who developed Java and Ruby in-class programming exercises, problems, and examples that are part of the CSC/ECE 517 (Object-Oriented Design and Development) curriculum. It contains multiple repositories that were cloned from different locations.

## Source Code
This section describes how and from where some of the source code has been cloned.
### Cloned Repositories
Some directories located in this repository were cloned from their original repositories to integrate all the CSC/ECE in-class exercises, problems, and examples into a single repository. After each individual repository was cloned, remote repository URL was changed using the following commands:
```sh
$ git remote set-url --push origin https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails.git
```
After remote URL was updated, the source code was pushed into this repository.
In order to verify remote URL is updated properly run the following command:
```sh
$ git remote -v
```
Below is the list of directories that were cloned as described above, authors of the source code and original repository where the code was cloned from:
  - [517Exercises]
    - *Author:* Brent Younce
    - *Email:* <bjyounce@ncsu.edu>
    - *Cloned From:* https://github.com/BrentYounce/517Exercises.git
  - [DesignPatternsNew]
    - *Author:* Prashant Tanksali
    - *Email:* <prtanksa@ncsu.edu>
    - *Cloned From:* https://github.com/pranavnawathe/DesignPatternsNew.git

## Authors and Contacts
For all the questions related to this repository and the source code, please contact the following people:
  - [Dr. Edward F. Gehringer]
    - Professor of the CSC/ECE 517 class
    - *Email:* <efg@ncsu.edu>
  - Nikolay G. Titov
    - Graduate student worked on this repository
    - *Email:* <ngtitov@ncsu.edu>



[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [CSC/ECE 517]: <https://www.csc2.ncsu.edu/faculty/efg/517/s19/>
   [517Exercises]: <https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails/tree/master/517Exercises>
   [DesignPatternsNew]: <https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails/tree/master/DesignPatternsNew>
   [Dr. Edward F. Gehringer]: <https://www.csc.ncsu.edu/people/efg>

Commit message:

Adding more Xiao Ma Ruby on Rails Exercises   - Taking from Google Doc   - Converted into coding Exercises

README.md, after:

# Learning Rails
This repository is mainly for [CSC/ECE 517] class use at the NCSU.

## Description
The repository contains combined contributions of individual students who developed Java and Ruby in-class programming exercises, problems, and examples that are part of the CSC/ECE 517 (Object-Oriented Design and Development) curriculum. It contains multiple repositories that were cloned from different locations.

## Source Code
This section describes how and from where some of the source code has been cloned.
### Cloned Repositories
Some directories located in this repository were cloned from their original repositories to integrate all the CSC/ECE in-class exercises, problems, and examples into a single repository. After each individual repository was cloned, remote repository URL was changed using the following commands:
```sh
$ git remote set-url --push origin https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails.git
```
After remote URL was updated, the source code was pushed into this repository.
In order to verify remote URL is updated properly run the following command:
```sh
$ git remote -v
```
Below is the list of directories that were cloned as described above, authors of the source code and original repository where the code was cloned from:
  - [517Exercises]
    - *Author:* Brent Younce
    - *Email:* <bjyounce@ncsu.edu>
    - *Cloned From:* https://github.com/BrentYounce/517Exercises.git
  - [DesignPatternsNew]
    - *Author:* Prashant Tanksali
    - *Email:* <prtanksa@ncsu.edu>
    - *Cloned From:* https://github.com/pranavnawathe/DesignPatternsNew.git
  - [cookbook_exercises]
    - *Author:* Xiao Ma
    - *Email:* <xma21@ncsu.edu>
    - *Cloned From:* https://github.ncsu.edu/xma21/cookbook_exercises.git
    - Xiao Ma also developed a list of additional [Ruby & Rails Exercises] in Google Docs that are not getting imported
      in this repo since most of the exercises are guide-based exercises with screenshots and directions on performing
      multiple tasks. Please see [Ruby & Rails Exercises] for more details.
  - [RubyOnRailsExercises]
      - *Author:* Xiao Ma
      - *Email:* <xma21@ncsu.edu>
      - *Cloned From:* https://github.ncsu.edu/xma21/cookbook_exercises.git
      - Xiao Ma also developed a list of additional [Ruby & Rails Exercises] in Google Docs that are not getting imported
        in this repo since most of the exercises are guide-based exercises with screenshots and directions on performing
        multiple tasks. Please see [Ruby & Rails Exercises] for more details.
  

## Authors and Contacts
For all the questions related to this repository and the source code, please contact the following people:
  - [Dr. Edward F. Gehringer]
    - Professor of the CSC/ECE 517 class
    - *Email:* <efg@ncsu.edu>
  - Nikolay G. Titov
    - Graduate student worked on this repository
    - *Email:* <ngtitov@ncsu.edu>



[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [CSC/ECE 517]: <https://www.csc2.ncsu.edu/faculty/efg/517/s19/>
   [517Exercises]: <https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails/tree/master/517Exercises>
   [DesignPatternsNew]: <https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails/tree/master/DesignPatternsNew>
   [cookbook_exercises]: <https://github.com/NSCU-CSC517/LearningRails/tree/master/cookbook_exercises>
   [Ruby & Rails Exercises]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DvLsr_cEHm7ZXYlws5b66_4Ic6lpk-TTprXb7WxVJWU/edit#heading=h.qevkkw85cv92>
   [Dr. Edward F. Gehringer]: <https://www.csc.ncsu.edu/people/efg>
